STEALTH OPERATOR SERVICE v1.0
Written by Brian A. Cline <clineb@cs.winthrop.edu>

Released: Saturday, June 8, 2002
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Installing SOS is quite simple. There are no autoconf or automake scripts --
simply type 'make' in the stealth directory and it should build a binary
called 'stealth'. If you encounter errors, please send a *COMPLETE* copy of the 
output of the 'make' command, along with your OS and version (uname -a), your 
gcc version (gcc -v), and version of make (make -v).

SOS has compiled cleanly on FreeBSD and Linux platforms.


Once the binary has been compiled, you will need to edit stealth.conf and
dbfiles/users.dat. You may choose to rename stealth.conf, but if you do so you
must specify the name of the configuration file when you start stealth (i.e., "./stealth my.conf").

The dbfiles/users.dat file contains a list of all users, their access level,
host masks they use, etc. The format of the file is as follows:
	
	Nick Level Protect Suspend LastSeen Password Hostmasks

And now for an explanation:
        NICK: The nickname to authenticate as. This does not have to be the
              nick you use on IRC -- but it needs to be the one that you will
              use for the 'login' command.
       LEVEL: This is the access level and ranges from -1 (non-oper) to 1000.
     PROTECT: If set to '1', any user logged in via this account will not be
              affected by a `clearchan g`. Otherwise, if set to '0', they will
              be affected by it.
     SUSPEND: If set to '1', this user cannot log in or perform any commands
              with this account.
    LASTSEEN: The unix timestamp of when the user last logged in to stealth.
    PASSWORD: The user's password.
   HOSTMASKS: A list of hostmasks (separated by spaces) that the user is
              recognized with. They should be of the form nick!user@host.


After you have successfully added your own account to the file, and have
modified the configuration file (by default, stealth.conf) to your needs, you
should be able to start up stealth without problems--assuming you have
configured ircu correctly. Please note that I do not provide ircu support,
so if you are having problems getting it connected to ircu then it is more than
likely an ircu configuration problem.


Brian A. Cline
June 2002
